README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Sareenah and I'm happy you've made it to my github!
I'm an analyst, financial auditor, copy writer and visual artist who is passionate about data driven story telling.
I strive to use or create clear and emotive visuals to deliver data in a contextual environment. 

#### Ad Copy and Content - Social Media Job Postings [Job Board](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxXqds6yY/YuPwCIQpSDYL6YM4ZTXJHg/view?utm_content=DAFxXqds6yY&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=uniquelinks&utlId=he7e12be604)
#### Story Telling in 60 seconds, or less [Video intoductions to the Major's of Tarot](https://www.tiktok.com/@reenahlaing)
#### A selection of Interactive Dashboard's based on my EDA's 

[Nutritional Values of McDonald's Menu Items](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/McDs_16245998109560/DASHBOARD)

[UFO Sightings in Canada -Data from MUFON](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/UFOsightingsinCanada1899-2019/CanadaUFOReports1899-2019)

[Missing & Murdered Women in Canada - Based on the 2014 Dissertation Database DD compiled by Maryanne Pearce for her dissertation, "An Awkward Silence"](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/MissingAndMurderedinCanada/MMVWDASHBOARD)

## Examples of My EDA Work using a combination of SQL, Python and Tableau #

#### [Blueberries & Bees Regression Modeling in Python, Dashboard in Tableau](https://slaing77.github.io/blueberries_and_bees/)

Examining environmental and species factors to determine the most important elements in producing volumous blueberry yields.  

#### [Salem Witch Trials EDA in Python](https://slaing77.github.io/salem-witch-trials/)

Exploring sentiment among the towns people and the level of support/resistence they provided the Minister at the centre of the "witch outbreak".

#### [Finding Bigfoot by Moonlight EDA in SQL, Dashboard in Tableau](https://github.com/slaing77/Finding-Bigfoot_by_moonlight)

Determining when sightings are most likely to be reported.  I used fractional moonlight measurements to track both moon and beast.
It turns out if you WANT a sasquatch encounter, avoid full moons and aim for a gibbous!

### You may get a kick out of this sweet Numerology calculator I created in Python. ##  
It reveals the personal Tarot cards of anyone, based on their date of birth. 
I ran one of my favorite authors through it and determined  _Mary Shelley's Soul Card is:  Strength  & her Personality Card is:  The Star_

[Here's my Code](https://github.com/slaing77/Tarot-LP-BC-Calculator/blob/main/codes/Birth%20Card%20Calculator.ipynb)

[Here it is LIVE!](https://trinket.io/embed/python3/9c7d5e64e9?outputOnly=true&start=result)

### My latest app to go live - by Dark Folio Press
[Daily Horoscopes](https://horoscopes.darkfoliopress.com/?fbclid=IwZnRzaAPpUu9leHRuA2FlbQIxMQBzcnRjBmFwcF9pZAo2NjI4NTY4Mzc5AAEefBhD7Aq6cbFRjutVnkGjff3IWTQlpCwvyr54R2d1glJvpgaikAs89SzjoJQ_aem_hTGDbJC-n8Y6vA_UUUsfFQ)
with my deep domain knowledge of Tarot & Astrology, it was natural for me to capitalize on the enormous amount of astrology data that is freely available. 
I created an OpenAi astrology assistant, capable of calculating natal charts, planetary transits, and daily horoscopes - pushing them daily to my website.
this is one small piece of a larger app I am currently building.
For a personalized experience get your [personal horoscope](https://horoscopes.darkfoliopress.com/personal) Crafted from your birth chart here (
its been an absolute joy engineering prompts for symbolic analysis.


My love of data driven story telling probably arises from my voracious (pre-covid, pre-Bootcamp) book habits.
After two cross country moves, and one house fire it seemed it was much more practical to switch from bound books, to digital books.
It was only a matter of time before I would want to learn how to create e-books and publications for myself.

## Literary Treat for You!

I've been working with 17th and 18th century literature, reliving some of my favorite classics such as The Tell Tale Heart, and Frankenstien.
I prepared an e-book of the  Mary Shelley's Frankenstien using Sigil, html and css. I created the cover art in photoshop, and wrote the forward.
If proto-science fiction and gothic horror are your thing, check it out!

## Scan QCode to get PDF Copy ##
#### ![Frankenstein QCode](https://github.com/slaing77/frankenstein/blob/main/qrcode_frank_shelley.com.png)

[E-Pub File](https://github.com/slaing77/frank.github.io/raw/main/frankenstein.epub)
Explore my HTML and CSS code and catch a sample of my writing in the forward.

[PDF file](https://github.com/slaing77/frank.github.io/blob/d6c6b134f8d5a0e046e15e7bf31f2de03e437a3d/Frankenstein%20-%20Shelley%2C%20Mary.pdf)
download directly if you wish

[If you want to support my work, you could buy a kindle copy here](https://www.amazon.com/Frankenstein-Modern-Prometheus-Mary-Shelley-ebook/dp/B0DCQRC2LR)

## You can find me in the following places

[Dark Folio Press - Bringing Stories to Light] (https://www.darkfoliopress.com)
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sareenah-laing)

[TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@reenahlaing)

[Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah)




Thank's for stopping by :)

Commit message:

Revise README with new projects and descriptions
Updated README to include new work and links.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I'm Sareenah and I'm happy you've made it to my github!
I'm an analyst, financial auditor, copy writer and visual artist who is passionate about data driven story telling.
I strive to use or create clear and emotive visuals to deliver data in a contextual environment. 

## Here is a selection of my work

### NEW Website [Dark Folio Press](https://www.darkfoliopress.com)

### NEW Github [Dark Folio Github](https://github.com/Dark-Folio-Press/READme)

### CREATIVE STORY TELLING

#### Ad Copy and Content - Social Media Job Postings [Job Board](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFxXqds6yY/YuPwCIQpSDYL6YM4ZTXJHg/view?utm_content=DAFxXqds6yY&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=uniquelinks&utlId=he7e12be604)

#### Story Telling in 60 seconds, or less [Video intoductions to the Major's of Tarot](https://www.tiktok.com/@reenahlaing)

### DATA DRIVEN STORIES

#### A selection of Interactive Dashboard's based on my EDA's 

[Nutritional Values of McDonald's Menu Items](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/McDs_16245998109560/DASHBOARD)

[UFO Sightings in Canada -Data from MUFON](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/UFOsightingsinCanada1899-2019/CanadaUFOReports1899-2019)

[Missing & Murdered Women in Canada - Based on the 2014 Dissertation Database DD compiled by Maryanne Pearce for her dissertation, "An Awkward Silence"](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah/viz/MissingAndMurderedinCanada/MMVWDASHBOARD)

## Examples of My EDA Work using a combination of SQL, Python and Tableau #

#### [Blueberries & Bees Regression Modeling in Python, Dashboard in Tableau](https://slaing77.github.io/blueberries_and_bees/)

Examining environmental and species factors to determine the most important elements in producing volumous blueberry yields.  

#### [Salem Witch Trials EDA in Python](https://slaing77.github.io/salem-witch-trials/)

Exploring sentiment among the towns people and the level of support/resistence they provided the Minister at the centre of the "witch outbreak".

#### [Finding Bigfoot by Moonlight EDA in SQL, Dashboard in Tableau](https://github.com/slaing77/Finding-Bigfoot_by_moonlight)

Determining when sightings are most likely to be reported.  I used fractional moonlight measurements to track both moon and beast.
It turns out if you WANT a sasquatch encounter, avoid full moons and aim for a gibbous!

### You may get a kick out of this sweet Numerology calculator I created in Python four years ago now! ##  
It reveals the personal Tarot cards of anyone, based on their date of birth. 
I ran one of my favorite authors through it and determined  _Mary Shelley's Soul Card is:  Strength  & her Personality Card is:  The Star_

[Here's my Code](https://github.com/slaing77/Tarot-LP-BC-Calculator/blob/main/codes/Birth%20Card%20Calculator.ipynb)

[Here it is LIVE!](https://trinket.io/embed/python3/9c7d5e64e9?outputOnly=true&start=result)

### My latest app to go live - by Dark Folio Press
[Daily Horoscopes](https://horoscopes.darkfoliopress.com/?fbclid=IwZnRzaAPpUu9leHRuA2FlbQIxMQBzcnRjBmFwcF9pZAo2NjI4NTY4Mzc5AAEefBhD7Aq6cbFRjutVnkGjff3IWTQlpCwvyr54R2d1glJvpgaikAs89SzjoJQ_aem_hTGDbJC-n8Y6vA_UUUsfFQ)
with my deep domain knowledge of Tarot & Astrology, it was natural for me to capitalize on the enormous amount of astrology data that is freely available. 
I created an OpenAi astrology assistant, capable of calculating natal charts, planetary transits, and daily horoscopes - pushing them daily to my website.
this is one small piece of a larger app I am currently building.
For a personalized experience get your [personal horoscope](https://horoscopes.darkfoliopress.com/personal) Crafted from your birth chart here (
its been an absolute joy engineering prompts for symbolic analysis.


My love of data driven story telling probably arises from my voracious (pre-covid, pre-Bootcamp) book habits.
After two cross country moves, and one house fire it seemed it was much more practical to switch from bound books, to digital books.
It was only a matter of time before I would want to learn how to create e-books and publications for myself.

## Literary Treat for You!

I've been working with 17th and 18th century literature, reliving some of my favorite classics such as The Tell Tale Heart, and Frankenstien.
I prepared an e-book of the  Mary Shelley's Frankenstien using Sigil, html and css. I created the cover art in photoshop, and wrote the forward.
If proto-science fiction and gothic horror are your thing, check it out!

## Scan QCode to get PDF Copy ##
#### ![Frankenstein QCode](https://github.com/slaing77/frankenstein/blob/main/qrcode_frank_shelley.com.png)

[E-Pub File](https://github.com/slaing77/frank.github.io/raw/main/frankenstein.epub)
Explore my HTML and CSS code and catch a sample of my writing in the forward.

[PDF file](https://github.com/slaing77/frank.github.io/blob/d6c6b134f8d5a0e046e15e7bf31f2de03e437a3d/Frankenstein%20-%20Shelley%2C%20Mary.pdf)
download directly if you wish

[If you want to support my work, you could buy a kindle copy here](https://www.amazon.com/Frankenstein-Modern-Prometheus-Mary-Shelley-ebook/dp/B0DCQRC2LR)

## You can find me in the following places

[Dark Folio Press - Bringing Stories to Light](https://www.darkfoliopress.com)

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sareenah-laing)

[TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@reenahlaing)

[Tableau](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/sarifeenah)




Thank's for stopping by :)
